Installation Guide: Setup files (server and proxy) (#676)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/installation/pages/proxy-setup.adoc

[[proxy-setup]]
= SUSE Manager Proxy Setup

> {productname} Proxy requires additional configuration to make it useful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{productname} Proxy requires additional configuration.
```

This service forwards the Salt interactions to the {productname} server.
////

> // REMARK 2019-08-23, ke: Is this a proxy-only feature?

Author: ```suggestion
// REMARK 2019-08-23, ke: Is this a Salt proxy-only feature?
```

[NOTE]
.Proxy Chains
====
It is possible to arrange Salt proxies in a chain.

> In such a case, the upstream proxy is named "`parent`".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In such a case, the upstream proxy is named `parent`.
```

====

> Make sure the proxie's TCP ports `4505` and `4506` are open.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure the TCP ports `4505` and `4506` are open on the proxy.
```

[TIP]
.Country Code
====

> As the country code enter the country code set during the {productname} installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the [guimenu]``country code`` field, enter the country code set during the {productname} installation.
```

> For example, if your proxy is in US and your {productname} in DE, you must enter `DE` for the proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if your proxy is in the US and your {productname} is in DE, enter `DE` for the proxy.
```

SLP stands for Service Location Protocol.

If parts are missing, such as CA key and public certificate, the script prints commands that you must execute to integrate the needed files.
When the mandatory files are copied, run [command]``configure-proxy.sh`` again.

> Also run again the script if a HTTP error was met during script execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you receive an HTTP error during script execution, run the script again.
```

[command]``configure-proxy.sh`` activates services required by {productname} Proxy, such as [systemitem]``squid``, [systemitem]``apache2``, [systemitem]``salt-broker``, and [systemitem]``jabberd``.

To check the status of the proxy system and its clients, click the proxy system's details page on the {webui} (menu:Systems[Proxy], then the system name).
[guimenu]``Connection`` and [guimenu]``Proxy`` subtabs display various status information.

[[proxy.pxe.setup]]

> == Enable PXE Boot through {susemgrproxy}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Enable PXE Boot
```

[[proxy.pxe.sync]]
=== Synchronize Profiles and System Information

To enable PXE boot through a proxy server, additional software must be installed and configured on both the {productname} Server and the {susemgrproxy} Server.

. On the {productname} Server install [package]#susemanager-tftpsync#:
+

----
zypper in susemanager-tftpsync
----

> . On the {susemgrproxy} Server install [package]#susemanager-tftpsync-recv#:

Reviewer: SUSE Manager Proxy Server?

Author: We sometimes use (or used) to call the proxy a "proxy server"--this is probably confusing and we should stop it... @Loquacity

Reviewer: yeah, it doesn't take much to miss the word 'proxy' in there.

Author: ok, please review again.

----

// REMARK: 2019-08-23, ke: this needs closer checking
[[replacing.a.susemgrproxy]]
== Replace a {susemgrproxy}

> A {susemgrproxy} is `dumb` in the sense that it does not contain any information about the clients that are connected to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A {susemgrproxy} is dumb in that it does not contain any information about the clients that are connected to it.
```

[[proxy.migration3.replace]]
.Procedure: Replacing a {susemgrproxy} and Keeping the Clients Registered
. Before starting the actual migration procedure, save the data from the old proxy, if needed.
Consider copying important data to a central place that can also be accessed by the new proxy.
// REMARK: 2019-08-23, ke: this is unclear
// ** Copy the scripts that are still needed.
// ** Copy the activation keys from the previous server.
// Of course, it is always better to re-create the keys.

> . Shutdown the proxy.

Reviewer: Shut down.
